[Music]
so you're just gonna abandon your
fortnight fanbase and make videos about
hallo
[Music]
just after I uploaded my last video we
got halo for PC it's been great and I
haven't seen sunlight for about three
weeks now it's been at least 10 years
since a touch disfranchise and before
rich came out I had already transitioned
into a PC gamer so I never really got to
play it until now but after letting the
game grow on me for a bit I would say
that except for some certain ill-advised
game mechanics it's still a really good
game but before we get into why I want
to thank rage shadow legends for
sponsoring this video
raid share legends is a turn-based RPG
than right and it's one of the top three
ranked RPGs in the Google Play Store
that just got nominated as a finalist
for guty placed best of 29 teams users
Choice Award with almost 15 million
downloads in the last six months
what's that you want a goth gif well
raid has you covered the game has over
400 champions for you to collect and
personally customized and you can raid
with friends in the clan claim glory in
the PvP arena and enjoy a fully voiced
story campaign there's also weekly
tournaments and events where you can
compete against other players they get
extra prizes
the game is growing super fast and it
even published a road map for the game
where they have huge plans for updates
over six months and the best part it's
free so what are you waiting for go to
the video description and click on the
special links and you'll get 50,000
silver and the free epic champion as
part of the nuclear program to start
your journey and that's it back to the
video the halo franchise has been going
on for a long time and when discussing
the games it's common practice to split
them up into three main categories halo
in this category you'll find the main
three games that people actually care
about not halo these are the games made
when 343 ran the franchise into the
ground and of course the games that
literally aren't halo and last kind of
halo this is where you find games like
reach where they're not good enough to
be halo but are not nearly [__] enough
to be not halo in the case of reach they
almost hit the mark except for some
really dumb changes and some general
issues with the game for example adding
blue what's blooms
bloom is when you take a perfectly
functional gun and turn it into the
sniper rifle from the cursed halo mod
what this means is that if you don't
take a material coffee-break after
firing each bullets you're just as
likely to nail a head shot as the
chimpanzee on the other side of the map
who's spraying in your general direction
next up we have armor abilities in Halo
Reach you get to choose an ability at
the start of each game and the standard
and therefore most common one is sprint
sprint is a decent choice but I wouldn't
bring did someone get the jump on you
because she made a mistake it's anyone
on the other team having fun or do you
just want to take a quick sip while
playing online then armor lock is for
you
armor lock is an excellent
get-out-of-jail-free card and using it
guarantees that the enemy team will have
a match down in chest or straight up
leave the game within 5 minutes next up
we have active camel active camera might
be the worst ability you could possibly
choose but much like invisibility in
other games it works wonders against a
mentally impaired jetpack and hologram
also exists fortunately though if you
don't want to deal with these abilities
you could always just disable them and
then there's the respawn system whenever
you die in this game it will try to
respawn you literally right next to your
teammates it's your teammate in combats
who cares just do your best the leader
kite in summary even though I don't
think Halo Reach is as good as the
original trilogy it's still a blast to
play and I can't wait to get my hands in
the theater when it eventually releases
so I can make some more cinematic videos
I guess the one last thing to add about
this game is that the progression system
is trash three for three please fix and
I'm very excited to finally get the
furry helmet at the age of fifty either
way I hope you enjoyed the video it's
been fun to make and I'm definitely
gonna make more about halo so stay tuned
for that but until then I wish you a
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
take care
[Music]